[DOCS] Host Isolation Exceptions - IP Allowlist (#1190)
elastic/security-docs: docs/getting-started/security-ui.asciidoc

[[event-filters-page]]
=== Event filters page

The Event filters page allows you to filter endpoint events that you do not need or want stored in {es}. See <<event-filters, Event filters>> for more information.

[role="screenshot"]
image::management/admin/images/event-filters-list.png[Shows the Event filters page]

[float]
[[host-isolation-exceptions-page]]
=== Host isolation exceptions page

> The Host isolation exceptions page allows you to configure specific IP addresses that isolated hosts are still allowed to communicate with after they've been blocked from the rest of your network. See <<host-isolation-exceptions, Host isolation exceptions>> for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
The Host isolation exceptions page allows you to configure specific IP addresses that isolated hosts are still allowed to communicate with, even when blocked from the rest of your network. See <<host-isolation-exceptions, Host isolation exceptions>> for more information.
```
